The fighting world in Dragon City has been very rough recently
Someone has been playing black boxing
Some people.
Put the video of the black boxing match on the dark web
Caused a lot of trouble to the fighting world of Dragon City
I'm not just a curator
He is also the president of the Dragon City Fighting Association
Since you are all my disciples
Then you must never play black boxing
I found out that I fired one, you understand
Understand understand understand
Let's go
Start training
Hmm, Gangnam
Why haven't I seen Lin Wenli these days?
Don't you care about him the most?
You don't even know how I know you're hot
Lin Wenli
Where are you going?
My teacher has a friend looking for me, wait a minute
What happened to that wound on your face?
I accidentally fell.
The fighting match is about to start
You're not coming to training these days
How can you do this?
I'm going to train now
Go change your clothes, the teacher is waiting for you.
teacher
Can I ask for a few days off?
What's the matter with you kid?
Dare to bargain with me
Then I'll change my clothes first
What are you doing here?
Senior sister heard that you have recently
Been investigating the Black Spring Market on the floor
Yes, sister, sister
You investigate and investigate.
I didn't even find that Dahei Kune Do is by your side
Who are you talking about?